{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red103\green153\blue179;\red207\green220\blue233;
\red34\green47\blue54;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 What is this?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\fs32 \cf4 \'bbWISP\'ab is a simple password prompter.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\fs48 \cf2 Why should I use one?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\fs32 \cf4 Regular Passwords are not safe. All passwords that contain words which can be found in a dictionary are vulnerable to getting attacked. The same applies to passwords that are too short. Take a look at this {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lockdown.co.uk/?pg=combi&s=articles"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 article}} to find out how long your password would stand against brute force attacks. Also take into account that computing power {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moore's_law"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 doubles every two years}}. Also check out the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.whatsmypass.com/the-top-500-worst-passwords-of-all-time"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 500 most common passwords}}.\uc0\u8232 If you still prefer to choose these passwords because they are easy to remember - ignoring the risk -  \'bbWISP\'ab has the answer. It lets you choose an "easy to remember"-password and gives you a "hard to guess"-password in return.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\fs48 \cf2 How does it work?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\fs32 \cf4 When a user enters a \'bbweak password\'ab that hasn't been used before, a set of \'bbstrong passwords\'ab is generated at random.\uc0\u8232 These passwords are then stored in a database (encrypted of course) and are linked to the provided \'bbweak password\'ab. This means you can always retrieve your \'bbstrong passwords\'ab with the appropriate \'bbweak password\'ab.\u8232 Technically it's the same that happens when you enter a weak password which has been used by someone else before you. In that case you would use the same password, without knowing if from each other (which is why it doesn't matter).\u8232 You might find it confusing that the passwords are available to anyone, but out of context they are usually worthless.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf2 Is it safe?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\fs32 \cf4 The honest answer would be: I don't know. I am not a security expert, and it probably has it's vulnerabilities. However, since this is app is rather unknown I think it's safe enough for my purposes. You decide for yourself.\uc0\u8232 The data itself is transmitted with 128-bit encryption via TLS 1.0 and the app runs on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/appengine/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Google Appengine}}, providing high uptime.\uc0\u8232 If you want a more sophisticated an corporate-backed solution you may try {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dashboard.usablelogin.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Useable Login}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf2 Why are there so many passwords?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\fs32 \cf4 An even bigger problem that comes for the same reasons is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://xkcd.com/792/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 password reuse}}. In order to address this issue, multiple \'bbstrong passwords\'ab are given. They are all linked to the same \'bbweak password\'ab and come in different colors so that you can remember them more easily.\
}